README.md, before:


# python-refresher

This project has two python files which together extract data from the provided covid-19-data repository from the NYT (can be found at https://github.com/nytimes/covid-19-data.git)

The following changes were made to this project:

    Updated the project with the requested changes from the assignment PDF file.
    In the root directory of the NYT covid-19-data repo was cloned
    Made a branch title "Update 1.0" (see the current pull request for details)
    Finished developing and implementing the basic get_column() functionality in my_utils.py to meet requirements 3.A-C
    Commited the changes to the branch
    Updated print_cases.py to use get_column() and print the number of cases in Boulder county
    Commited changes to the branch
    Improved get_column() to use a string argument for the result_column variable which always will default to 1
    Updated print_cases.py to correctly use new get_column() functionality
    Updated README.md to summarize changes
    Commited changes to the branch
    Pushed the branch to the remote repo
    Completed a pull request for that branch

Commit message:

Updated README.md to reflect correct usage of the term "named argument"

README.md, after:


# python-refresher

This project has two python files which together extract data from the provided covid-19-data repository from the NYT (can be found at https://github.com/nytimes/covid-19-data.git)

The following changes were made to this project:

    Updated the project with the requested changes from the assignment PDF file.
    In the root directory of the NYT covid-19-data repo was cloned
    Made a branch title "Update 1.0" (see the current pull request for details)
    Finished developing and implementing the basic get_column() functionality in my_utils.py to meet requirements 3.A-C
    Commited the changes to the branch
    Updated print_cases.py to use get_column() and print the number of cases in Boulder county
    Commited changes to the branch
    Improved get_column() to use a keyword (named) argument for the result_column variable which always will default to 1
    Updated print_cases.py to correctly use keyword during get_column() call
    Updated README.md to summarize changes
    Commited changes to the branch
    Pushed the branch to the remote repo
    Completed a pull request for that branch
